assholes right-wing assholes oh I don't
feel too good
it's a crying shame in it no I mean I
think I'm gonna black out fight the
ocean you'll drown brother
girl man we'll take the mothership and
get our shit out of here go get it fired
up
I'll finish burnish and our Father
what you pull over for you better Drive
I've been driven in 15 years you was
doing all right
yeah then the fear hit me now I'm
rolling a number two car on the way shit
I better call seat
a Caesar no time to talk man I'm on my
way to save ya bro okay I'll meet you in
Kendall at that Graz I wanted to waste I
let y'all later
hey you ought to hit on this a little
temple chairs in a cocktail with some
neat police manga manga put that thing
out man I can't see it's good shit
put it out motherfucker morning whoa
chill the fuck out
firstly you are a real buzz killer amigo
and secondly I never made love to my
mother she wouldn't and thirdly we're in
this together so be cool sorry man I
just don't drive when I'm faith
Jesus we screw where'd you get this
1967 how you get around a key on drop I
have an astral goat called Herbie she's
faster than most but get no gear
whatever man you taught this shit
there she is brother san fierro city of
psychedelic cleaners man I can't believe
I ain't been here before
there ain't a better place to escape the
man okay mr. san fierro where's the spot
in it's in Dornan on the east side of
the arab between garcia and easter basis
what's one hour alumina for you man
protection from mind control dude
mind control induction of images sound
or emotion using microwave radiation do
you know how many government satellites
are watching any citizen at any moment
no 23 do you know how many religious
relics are kept at the Pentagon no I
don't 23 this is the place huh
Jesus dude looks like you've been fed a
bummer